hello how'd you feel today
I just came by to see if I could be of
help in any way I always like to come
spend my time with you wait do you
really are the most I think that I can
pose you really are the most surprising
brand
one day Jim arrived at Gran's with a
present from his mum and dad hello gran
I got a present for you Oh Jim you
shouldn't bring me presents it gran you
coming to visit me is my present what is
it anyway
open it and see your mum makes such a
thing unwrapping presents up she could
have got a job with father Christmas I
always said I can make out what it is
I'll have to take a closer look
I'll get my glasses no me grand there on
your nose oh so they are what is it Jim
it's something to wake you up in the
morning with a nice hot cup of tea you
know how you don't like getting up in
the comb to make it well this will make
it for you while you lie nice and warm
in bed oh they shouldn't what do I want
with newfangled gadgets like that well
does it work Jim the instructions are
here gram oh let me look at them now
where did I put my specs
there on your nose grin oh so they are
all watch you spoiling me you and your
mum and dad can't would you ever go with
this should we have a copper to know you
now let me see this must be the
automatic control and this is the timer
sorry Graham I must be going now I'm
playing football you run along then and
score a goal for me oh and thank you mom
and dad ever so much for the present
they shouldn't have done it though
goodbye Graham goodbye Jim
no then where was I oh yes tea mmm
smells good oh it's a real copper it's
wonderful this modern age we live in now
what else can I do around the place to
make life easier
some days later Jim came again to
visitors glad I won
why are you sitting watching telly on a
lonely day like this Shh I'm enjoying
this but what about giving the garden
don't need to yes you don't run get
digging hours well my garden can see to
itself open the back door and you'll see
garden seat yourself Jim she knew
then he saw granite invented the most
amazing things to do all the work in the
garden for man you really are the most
surprising black tea from the tea maker
come on it's tea time